# Liron Sample Project
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Compiler**: Is a recursive descent parser. There are several algorithms for constructing parse trees. The top-down approach, also calledrecursive descent parsing, attempts to parse thetokens stream recursively, using the nested structure prescribed by the language grammar.
XML output is simply a textual description of a tree. This XML compiler serves as a basis for software that generates executable VM code.

*JackAnalyzer*: The analyzer program operates on a given source, where source is either a file name of the form Xxx.jack or a directory name containing one or more such files.

*JackTokenizer*: Removes all comments and white space from the input stream and breaks it into 
Jack-language tokens, as specified by the Jack grammar.

*CompilationEngine*: Effects the actual compilation output. Gets its input from a JackTokenizer and emits its parsed structure into an output file/stream. The output is generated by a series of compilexxx() routines, one for every syntactic element xxx of the Jack grammar. The contract between these routines is that each compilexxx() routine should read the syntactic construct xxx  from the input, advance() the tokenizer exactly beyond xxx, and output the parsing of xxx. Thus, compilexxx() may only be called if indeed xxx is the next syntactic element of the input.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Enigma**: Sample project to demonstrate the syntax of the Jack language. Implements a 3 rotor Enigma machine with plugboard. Use me to test compilation.